Our Introduction:
We are highly educated and IT professionals with PhD and MPhil degrees in computing and biomedical engineering desciplines. We came to Canada as high in demand Engineers (FSW track) on merit solely based on our technical skills and knowledge.

Urgency of the matter:
We are expecting a baby in first week of October, 2017. (Please refer to the obstreticians letter attached herewith). My husband is working as Consultant Senior Data Scientist in Huawei Technologies. The R&D nature of his job often requires longer working hours. Even if we hire help, there is nothing like having my mother with me at this critical time. Due to my school going daughters, I direly need my mother's support and help to look after my daughters when I am dealing with postpartum issues and new baby. 

Basis for Refusal of Previous Application:
Earlier, my mother was refused family visit visa (the refusal letter is attached) on the basis of 
1. The purpose of visit did not convince the officer
2. Office deemed there is high probability of her not returning back to Pakistan after the visa duration.

We would like to address both the objections as best as possible again.

Our International Living Experience:
We have lived as expatriates in South Korea[2004-2011] and Saudi Arabia [2011-2014] for 10 years before moving to Canada. Throughout our professional life abroad, we invited our parent regularly many times to visit us. It never happened that our parents overstayed, involved in an activity other than stated in visa purpose. 

My Mother's travelling history
Please note that my mother regularly travels abroad for visiting family and religius pilgrimage purposes. Throughout these years, she never exceeded the visa duration or involved in any activity other than mentioned the purpose of visa. She is a well-off, self-independant and financially capable lady who owns and manages properties worth millions of dollars. The refusal of visa is utterly baseless and is an outright example of false alarm which really does not apply to our case.

I would like to emphasis that the one and ONLY purpose of inviting my mother is to get her help and support after I deliver the baby. This is  
